1. Open the folder in the vs code. 
2. Enter into DeployModel by using command in vs code terminal(cmd) 
    cd DeployModel 
3. Run the phishingdetection_with_input_as_URL_project.ipynb file (to select the best 
performing ml model for phishing detection) 
Change the dataset path in this ipynb file corresponding to your path in phishing.csv 
Install following packages in jupyter notebook cell: 
    %Pip install numpy 
    %Pip install pandas 
    %pip install seaborn 
    %pip install xgboost 
    %pip install python-googlesearch 
    %pip install python-whois 
4. To run the project install packages in VsCode terminal cmd 
   pip install ipaddress 
   pip install regex 
   pip install requests 
   pip install beautifulsoup4 
   pip install google-api-python-client 
   pip install python-whois 
   pip install python-dateutil 
   Pip install numpy 
   Pip install pandas 
   Pip install scikit-learn 
   pip install google-api-python-client 
5. Change phishing.csv dataset path in trained_model.py file with your file path. 
    # Load and preprocess the data
    data = pd.read_csv('phishing.csv') 
6. Before running the trained_model.py file delete the already existing gradient_boost.pkl file 
to get the new updated pickle file. 
7. Then run the trained_model.py file. 
8. Changes in settings.py file : 
      Change path of Templates folder in DIRS object as per your Templates folder path in the following code 
              TEMPLATES = [ 
               { 
               'BACKEND': 'django.template.backends.django.DjangoTemplates', 
               'DIRS': ['DeployModel/templates'], 
      Change path of static folder as per your static folder path in the following code 
              STATICFILES_DIRS = [ 
                "C:\\Users\\User\\Downloads\\DeployModelProject\\DeployModelProject\\DeployModel\static"
              ] 
9. Change the path in views.py for the model loading to the corresponding pickle file path in 
the project. 
    # Load the trained model
    model = joblib.load('C:\\Users\\User\\Downloads\\DeployModelProject\\DeployModel\\gradient_boosting_model.pkl') 
10. Now open DeployModelProject using following command in your vs code terminal (cmd) 
     Pip install django 
     py manage.py runserver
11. Now click on the link generated by the server to view the website.
